wine{boot, server, cfg, dbg}: add page (#22992)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/wineboot.md

# wineboot

> Simulate a Windows reboot, or initialize, update, or shut down a Wine prefix.
> More information: <https://manned.org/wineboot>.

- Perform a simulated reboot of the Wine prefix:

`wineboot`

- Initialize or update the prefix (e.g. after upgrading Wine):

`wineboot {{[-u|--update]}}`

- Restart Wine without performing a full boot:

`wineboot {{[-r|--restart]}}`

- Shut down the Wine session without rebooting:

`wineboot {{[-s|--shutdown]}}`

> - End the current session, [f]orcing unresponsive processes to close:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- End the current session, forcing unresponsive processes to close:
```

> `wineboot {{[-e|--end-session]}} {{[-f|--force]}}`

Reviewer 2: Does wineboot support combining flags like this:

```suggestion
`wineboot {{[-ef|--end-session --force]}}`
```
